fastlane/README.md, before:

fastlane documentation
----

# Installation

Make sure you have the latest version of the Xcode command line tools installed:

```sh
xcode-select --install
```

For _fastlane_ installation instructions, see [Installing _fastlane_](https://docs.fastlane.tools/#installing-fastlane)

# Available Actions

## iOS

### ios build_archive

```sh
[bundle exec] fastlane ios build_archive
```

Build and archive iOS app

### ios create_app

```sh
[bundle exec] fastlane ios create_app
```

Create app on App Store Connect

### ios upload_ipa

```sh
[bundle exec] fastlane ios upload_ipa
```

Upload IPA to App Store Connect

### ios upload_metadata

```sh
[bundle exec] fastlane ios upload_metadata
```

Upload metadata to App Store Connect

### ios update_privacy_details

```sh
[bundle exec] fastlane ios update_privacy_details
```

Update privacy details

### ios update_pricing_and_availability

```sh
[bundle exec] fastlane ios update_pricing_and_availability
```

Update app pricing and availability on App Store Connect

### ios build_and_upload

```sh
[bundle exec] fastlane ios build_and_upload
```

Complete build and upload process

----

This README.md is auto-generated and will be re-generated every time [_fastlane_](https://fastlane.tools) is run.

More information about _fastlane_ can be found on [fastlane.tools](https://fastlane.tools).

The documentation of _fastlane_ can be found on [docs.fastlane.tools](https://docs.fastlane.tools).

Commit message:

Fix pricing script and add API key configuration
- Fixed lane name from update_pricing_and_availability to configure_pricing_and_availability
- Added APP_STORE_CONNECT_API_KEY environment variables
- Created pricing_only_config.sh for standalone pricing configuration

fastlane/README.md, after:

fastlane documentation
----

# Installation

Make sure you have the latest version of the Xcode command line tools installed:

```sh
xcode-select --install
```

For _fastlane_ installation instructions, see [Installing _fastlane_](https://docs.fastlane.tools/#installing-fastlane)

# Available Actions

## iOS

### ios build_archive

```sh
[bundle exec] fastlane ios build_archive
```

Build and archive iOS app

### ios create_app

```sh
[bundle exec] fastlane ios create_app
```

Create app on App Store Connect

### ios upload_ipa

```sh
[bundle exec] fastlane ios upload_ipa
```

Upload IPA to App Store Connect

### ios upload_metadata

```sh
[bundle exec] fastlane ios upload_metadata
```

Upload metadata to App Store Connect

### ios update_privacy_details

```sh
[bundle exec] fastlane ios update_privacy_details
```

Update privacy details

### ios configure_pricing_and_availability

```sh
[bundle exec] fastlane ios configure_pricing_and_availability
```

Configure Pricing (Free) and Availability (All Countries)

### ios build_and_upload

```sh
[bundle exec] fastlane ios build_and_upload
```

Complete build and upload process

----

This README.md is auto-generated and will be re-generated every time [_fastlane_](https://fastlane.tools) is run.

More information about _fastlane_ can be found on [fastlane.tools](https://fastlane.tools).

The documentation of _fastlane_ can be found on [docs.fastlane.tools](https://docs.fastlane.tools).
